This programme contains
discriminatory language,
strong language and adult humour
You'll have to bog off.
Morning, Olly. How's your head?
Like a bat shat in it?
No. If anything, I am hung under.
First DoSAC party under the new
regime, you lasted, I'd say,
until seven...
Yeah. Well, I do have a life, Olly.
Yes, but only in the way that
jellyfish or athlete's foot
have a life.
What was it last night, then?
Candlelit anniversary dinner
for one?
Hello.
Terri, what actually are you up to?
Are you still drunk?
No. I had to get in early anyway
because the BBC man's coming.
Are you wearing trainers?
You ARE wearing trainers.
Yes.
Yes. If Signal toothpaste made
trainers, that's what they'd
look like.
I don't see there's any...
This colour for healthy breath.
Morning. Morning.
Do, please, let me.
Thank you very much.
Can I take your coffee?
Oh, no. I'm clinging onto
that for dear life.
It will dehydrate you.
Good-o.
Mojito Murray, they now call her.
You know, they had to
install speed bumps at the bar.
She's like Gazza at Euro '96.
I really love the division of
labour in this place.
I like the way the women
do the heavy lifting and
the men do the heavy sarcasm.
Would you like
some help with your make-up?
I'm wearing make-up.
So this interview, who's coming?
Ten o'clock news.
Who...Nick Robinson?
Not Nick. He's away with the PM
on the world tour. No. It's Gavin.
Gavin Esler.
Gavin Boyes.
Who the hell is Gavin Boyes?
He's up and coming.
In what? Gay porn?
I'm launching the fourth sector
initiative. It's the centrepiece of
my political career.
I don't want to do it to some
Newsround press packer.
It says here, on Google,
that Gavin Boyes
is the state wrestling champion
for West Virginia.
The launch tonight,
how many journos coming?
We've got confirmed, four.
ALL: Four!? That's one per sector.
It's not something we are ashamed
of. We're not launching
a new leper colony.
OK. No problem. I'm just going to go
down and collect Gavin and his BOYS.
Welcome to DoSAC, Gavin.
Thank you. Gavin Boyes!
I'm Glen Cullen.
No need for me to get up.
Right. Nice to meet you.
Seems very nice, young but...
Is this the way to
the face-painting tent?
I was hoping I could
be a tiger, maybe.
I told you you've overdone it with
the make-up. With the lights, you
do need it a lot on.
Take a bit off. I'm going to start
slurring my words in a minute.
It looks great.
Gavin Boyes, hello.
Just pop you over there.
We'll start with an easy one.
Just relax.
Yes. I was.
Nicola, just relax.
Secretary of State, could you
explain what your launch
is all about?
Well, Gavin, the fourth sector is
really about empowering ordinary
people to give a little bit extra
and thus create something extra...
I'm so sorry, can I just...
just one second, sorry.
You all right?
You're very close and you're staring
at me like a dead-eyed shark.
It's making me tense.
Sure. Sure.
Sorry. Where were we?
So why is the PM
doing this world tour thing?
What's the point of that? I mean,
he's not easy on the world stage,
is he?
He walks like his dick's made of
glass, you know. Is it a Malc plan?
It could be. You know Steve
Fleming's back. It could be him.
If he's back, it really is the end.
What will you do when the ship
goes down?
Oh, plenty of options, Olly.
You could be a beefeater.
Do you want to be a beefeater?
Don't you worry about me, Olly.
I've got contacts.
What do you mean, don't worry about
me? Are you big in Japan?
What, what's that smile for?
Do you need winding?
I'm going to stand...in the election.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
I should hear later today whether or
not I've got enough support
for the Ilford East long list.
Fucking hell!
You on a massive poster.
What's your slogan going to be?
"He's old and sullen,
vote for Cullen." How about that?
Actually, I'm pretty excited by this.
It's hard to take on board. It's
like being told your dad's gay or
something.
I am strangely really proud of you.
The Prime Minister fully endorses
my fourth sector initiative.
I know that's something
he's really squarely behind.
Surely you can't ignore the
nay-sayers who say he's a lame duck,
not fit for the job?
I believe that Tom is absolutely
the best man for the job
and I think we should all just
let him get on with doing that job.
What's morale like in the party?
Sorry... One sec, I just said best
MAN for the job, I think, didn't I?
I need to say best PERSON.
It's kind of the same, you'd have to
be very PC to pick a hole in that.
You don't want to give
the impression you'd like
a female leader?
Absolutely. At some point,
I would love there to be
a female leader,
but that point
isn't reached yet, you know,
and I believe the current prime
minister is absolutely the best
PERSON
for the... Yes. ..job.
Yes. Yep. Got it.
Best person for the job.
You did get that, did you?
Yeah. You got the end. Yeah. We got
all we need. Thanks very much.
OK. (MOUTHS) Was it all right?
It was perfect.
It wasn't perfect cos I said
"best man" and I corrected to
"person" and you kept going "Urgh".
I wouldn't give it a second thought,
honestly.
Give our...our very best
to John Craven and Dexter Fletcher.
Right. So, Ben Swain, the man
you love to hate and love to sack,
actually, is on his way up.
Oh, great.
I'm flypaper for dickheads today.
I'm going to get out of this funeral
suit and chisel off the first
three inches of make-up.
Ah, the prodigal Swain returns.
Menstrual cycle,
Ben on the 4th July.
Olly, put the kettle on.
Oh, the good ship Olly-pop,
old lang syne.
How are things at the Department
of Education, Education, Education?
Going at the foot pump mainly because
you are the Robin Hood of politics.
Robin Hood was a hero.
He was not a hero,
he was a terrorist.
You're stealing from the education
department, pumping it out as a
DoSAC idea.
This Back On Track policy that you
launched at your chimps' tea party
last night,
well, that sounds
very similar, very, very...
almost identical to my Unify Policy
that I was working on here
til I was booted out by
knicker face. Where is Jenni Murray?
I really wouldn't go in...
SCREAMING
Oh, God! Jesus!
She's just been doing an interview.
An interview for what? FHM?
What's she done to her face?
She looks like a pissed Aunt Sally.
I'm really sorry...
Let's not talk about it ever again.
I will forget...
What do you want?
..everything I've seen.
Back On Track, it is exactly the same
as my Unify Initiative.
You don't like me, that's as clear as
fish piss by kicking me out after you
arrive.
Malcolm's calling. I thought he was
sluicing sand out of Tom's thong in
Ibiza or wherever they've got to.
He is. He's away in Spain.
Just ignore Malcolm.
Ignore Malcolm?
What can he do? Olly, you're not
answering your and I'm getting
worried that you've hurt yourself.
I just keep getting these terrible
images flashing in my head.
Of you being stabbed
repeatedly in the face.
Or you in a coma
on a life-support machine
dreaming about being
a gay policeman in the 1970s.
Malcolm, I can explain.
Olly, thank God that you're safe.
Sorry.
That's from me.
What's Giant Haystacks doing here?
I am here, Malcolm, because Nicola
has been nicking my policies,
through Olly.
Is this true, the little man
in the red and yellow car? No.
I've been told by Steve Fleming
to think the unthinkable.
Well, listen, I am telling you
to unthink the unthinkable.
You can't even cope with thinking
the thinkable. Why are you here?
Hello, Malcolm. You look a bit tired.
You look incompetent.
Tired and a wee bit grumpy.
Well, actually, Lucille Ballbag,
I am here to prep Nicola here
for her BBC interview.
A bit late for that.
Terri, I fucking e-mailed you and I
told you to move it to later because
I wanted to administer a preparatory
fucking verbal cosh. Right?
Well...
And there it is.
Didn't fuck...didn't fucking send.
It didn't send. Right? There you go.
You just owe me an apology,
that's all.
I'm sorry?
That's the one.
That wasn't an apology, that was
a "pardon, I'm sorry?".
Why aren't you on the Tom tour?
Yeah. I heard Steve
Fleming was on the tour.
Big beast.
Tiny fucking rodent, more like.
He's part of the larger problem.
Which is?
Have you been in Number Ten lately?
Jesus. It's like the break-up of
The Beatles.
During the fall of the Roman Empire,
while fucking Jordan's getting
divorced from
that bloke, all happening at the
same time in a tiny terraced house.
Yeah?
Anyway, this interview, right...
How did it go?
It's a small...
PHONE RINGS
Sorry, Malcolm. Can I? Sorry.
They wanted to talk "Tom",
and I said that he was the best MAN
for the job.
Yeah. Well, so what, it's the BBC,
it's not fucking Spare Rib, is it?
I thought it might sound like I was
the best woman for the job.
No offence, but you're not
leadership material.
I mean, fucking cut the material in
that outfit, but you know.
Right.
The BBC have put it on the website...
You saying that the PM's the best
man for the job.
And they're saying that you fired
the starter pistol
on a new leadership bid.
I've got it here. "Absolutely."
"At some point, I would love there
to be a female leader, but I believe
"that the current prime minister is
absolutely the best man for
the job."
No. I said "person"
and you went "huh" over it.
This is bad.
It wasn't on a microphone.
I know that.
Terri, get on to the BBC, fucking
nuke them, nuke them and rebuke
them. Yeah. Got it.
Malcolm, maybe we're making matters
worse.
We're making them think
we've got a live one.
I just think we're overreacting.
No. No. No. No. No.
We nip this in the fucking knackers
now. OK.
It's been a wonderful experience.
I'll leave you to it.
My work here is done.
You're staying here, mate.
I'm not... You haven't even got
biscuits.
You stay here, right.
The situation is fucking febrile.
You don't fucking know what
febrile means. No. You don't.
It means there are going to be
hysterical journalists watching
every fucking move we make.
So why don't you unplug from
the mains until the danger's passed?
There's a few journalists
out there already.
See, there you are.
It's a fucking feeding frenzy.
Yeah. Well, not in here, it's not.
Don't panic, Orca,
we'll get sandwiches. OK.
How many are there there? Eight.
Right. Eight constitutes a lockdown.
Right, people, listen up.
It's a fucking lockdown...right now.
Come off it.
We're not in a prison drama, are we?
We are in a prison drama. This is
The fucking Shawshank Redemption
but with more tunnelling through
shit and no fucking redemption.
Right, people, nobody move.
Nobody move.
Nobody gets truncheoned in the face.
This is a lockdown. Right.
What that means is this office is
now an isolation unit.
Do not use the phones.
No fucking e-mails. No phones, Glen,
come on.
I've got to go. Bye.
Terri. Yes. I'm here.
Get on the phone to the fucking BBC.
Come on.
Everybody else, stay Chaplin.
Is that trainers she's wearing?
You're wearing fucking trainers,
you're supposed to be a civil
servant, not a playgroup assistant.
Steve, oh, the man himself.
Yes. What is it?
It's like wet play, isn't it?
Queen to knight four.
I never had you down as a chess man,
Glenn. I thought you might be more
the kind to play Ludo, or something.
Do you mind?
Oh, what, can you not multitask?
What, check? Oh. Fuck you.
You know, politics is like a game of
chess, Glenn, in so far as you're
shit at both of them.
Excuse me.
Arh, that's what we need, yes.
The one-man smarmy army.
Malcolm, is it George Alagiah?
What? Fuck, it's George Alagiah.
Is he here for me?
What? George Alagiah's here for me.
I could lose everything now.
They'll dig out that picture of me
at the sports day
looking like Catweazle with learning
difficulties.
Nicola Murray will, today, use
a policy speech to announce
her candidancy.
Nicola Murray is not going to
make a leadership announcement this
evening.
Permission to speak,
frankly and off the record? Yeah.
She's an idiot.
I know that she's in the cabinet
but that's like being disabled at
a football match.
She's very close to the action
but hardly likely to score a goal.
No. How is that offensive?
That is a very fair
and accurate portrayal of just how
fucking retarded she is.
I bet you're really enjoying this.
You haven't had this much fun since
you went to Cadbury World.
Come on, Nicola, you've got
to admit, from the outside it's
pretty funny.
The prime minister goes away
and you're dressed up as
one of the ThunderCats.
CONVERTS LAUGH TO A COUGH
It's awful, some of the things
people write on these comments.
They are...
It's so cruel, isn't it?
"Nicola Murray is staging
a leadership bid. Who is
Nicola Murray?
"I have literally never heard of her.
She doesn't exist.
"I would rather cut off my hands
than vote for that disgrace.
"Does anyone else here think
she looks like Heath Ledger in
The Dark Knight?"
Are you e-mailing?
Are you stirring this up? Is that
why you came in to DoSAC today?
Did you have a big bucket
of shit and a whisk?
No.
Yes. A bit.
What are you saying? Just...
Joan Rivers wants to be
the new prime minister.
Have a look at this
clip of her online staking her bid.
You treacherous shit. It's not my
fault you're dressed up like
a dead geisha.
Why are you doing this?
Because I'm bored, it's funny and
I hate you. The holy trinity of why.
Do you know, talking to you is like
talking to a fucking whoopee
cushion.
Right. Bit of good news.
What? Two bits, actually.
Enough. Can we all just shut the
fuck up, OK, so we can gather
our thoughts.
So, one at a time, Private Godfrey,
get to your station.
I want to hear the word
on the street.
All right. Ben has been seen coming
into DoSAC but not going out.
Possibly Ben is her running mate
as number two in a leadership bid.
I don't mind going out there now
and telling them all
just how much I hate Nicola and how
unlikely that is to happen.
And get myself a sandwich.
I'm fucking starving.
What did I just fucking say? I said
one at a fucking time, stand up.
I'm telling you to stand up,
you sack of fucking cum.
Stand the fuck up.
Fucking move. Right.
See that.
Fucking play with that. Right?
Never mind your fucking toys.
Play with that.
Go and stand in that fucking corner.
Stand over there. Right?
And do not move...or I will perform
a fucking living fucking autopsy on
you...
with a fucking rusty spade, I'll
have your kidneys for fucking
cufflinks.
Terri, good news, I believe.
You are about to tell us some good
fucking news. What the fuck is it?
Right. Yeah. OK. Well, according to
my online tracker, the pizza is here.
And the second bit is that the Mail
is backing Nicola's leadership bid
because of the stand she's taken
against shoddy journalism at the BBC.
What?
No wonder George Alagiah's here.
He'll probably come at me with
a fucking Stanley knife.
I knew this would happen. I actually
fucking said this would happen,
Malcolm.
What do we do now?
Hello. Say something.
MOBILE RINGS
Oh, Steve. Hi, there.
I'm going to slip into
a diabetic coma at this rate.
MOBILE RINGS
Better take this elsewhere.
Ben, you don't have
your magic drawer any more.
I think I might. What? I think I do.
It's been four months, Ben.
It can't still be there.
Who's going to know? I've hidden
it under... Well, I know.
Get in!
Sweet giver of blood sugar.
Right. I'm going to go down,
personally, and pick
up the pizza myself.
Can you do savoury after sweet?
Yes. Right. OK.
Tom is as mad as a dickless dog.
Right?
He is specifically very,
very fucking angry at you, Nicola.
Oh, fantastic(!)
Then we should cancel tonight.
Tonight. What's tonight?
It's the fourth sector.
It's my fourth sector launch.
He's going down to the room.
Just... Just fucking...
One at a time. Right?
Terri, get the minister's car.
Downstairs. Right now.
Why? Never mind fucking why.
Just fucking do it, Holly Golightly.
Come on.
Nicola, I want you to go down
there and I want you to pretend
that you've got an appointment to go
to and this is what you say. Right?
Say? You are not challenging Tom,
at all.
Oh, fuck.
Tom is the man to lead the country
through this difficult crisis.
Right?
Tom is the man of the moment.
Then you get in your car and
you just fucking drive about,
do some sightseeing, attach a
hosepipe to the exhaust, whatever.
Nicola Murray is fucking coming. OK?
See you.
Get me a fucking Curly Wurly. Right?
Would you like a bit of concealer?
No. No!
This is it. It'll work. Get out
there. He's the man of the moment.
You've got the confidence.
That's it.
He's the man of the moment.
Look at that gait. That's fucking
class. Nicola Murray is back.
She's back. She's back on track.
It's a classic Curly Wurly I wanted.
A Curly Wurly should be the size of
a small ladder. Your hands have got
bigger.
I'm going for it. OK.
ALL CLAMOUR: Mrs Murray.
Mrs Murray. Mrs Murray.
Does the prime minister have
your full support?
He absolutely does. Yes.
Does Mr Cullen have your
support, too?
Yes. Sorry, what?
Glenn Cullen. Do you
know his campaign to be an MP?
'I don't know what that's about.'
I'm backing...
I'm backing the prime minister.
The prime minister is absolutely the
right man for the moment. Thank you.
Not for the moment! That's the worst
possible thing that you could say.
Terry, get the dozy giblet back in
here. Get her back in here.
Don't let her get in the car.
Malcolm wants you back out there.
Shit.
I've got pizza in there.
Thank you. Thank you.
Have you changed your mind? Does he
have your full backing?
Yes. The prime minister, as I said,
is the right man for the moment.
Not again.
NOISE OF MEDIA SCRUM CONTINUES
First-class media work, there.
Pizza!
That's good. Well done.
That was utterly humiliating.
For fuck's sake, Malcolm.
Shouldn't that be of fuck's sake.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
May I just quote it to you.
"The prime minister
is the right man FOR the moment."
That's what you told me to say.
"OF the moment." "OF the moment."
I told you to say
OF the fucking moment.
There's a huge difference between me
saying to you,
"Nicola, I would like to go FOR
a lovely walk with you,"
and, "Nicola, I would like to make a
hat out OF your fucking entrails."
Excuse me.
Steven.
Yes. Well, you can tell Tom,
right now, that I'm fucking
sweating embryos for him. OK.
Glenn, here's a thing. Apparently,
you're going to be an MP.
You didn't talk to me about that.
He's not standing, don't be silly.
Tell her. Put her out of her misery.
Go on. Tell me more. Terri, can I
just get a word in?
Look at this, takeaway and a fight.
All I need now is a hand job in a
bus shelter,
I've had the great
British night out.
Excuse me. I'm off for a doze.
Nicola, I know we're not allowed to
take any calls
but this is your husband.
Thank you.
James. Do you actually
even know me, James?
Do you even know who I am?
I think it's shut-up time, now,
James. So, one last thing.
When I promised to love,
honour and obey you,
it was a massive practical joke.
Hi. Yes.
Sorry, Nicola. Just a quick cup of
coffee. How was your husband?
Sounds a bit upset, is he?
Upset? No. He wants me to stand.
He thinks this is fucking great.
He just wants to show off about
me to the rugby club dinner.
"Hello, everybody. This
is my wife, the prime minister."
"Hello, JB. Have you met my
wife, the prime minister?
"How's your wife, the little lady?"
It's nice that he's being supportive.
He's not being supportive.
James is...he is not
a supporting wall.
He is a partition and I'm going
to have him knocked through.
Nicola, I'm going to
take off my media hat.
I honestly never
thought you had one.
Have you thought about
couples' counselling?
Urghh.
Yes. Look. James will not
go to Relate and
even if he did, George Alagiah would
be outside with a big News 24
cup pressed against the wall.
Well, you know, it can work wonders.
Can it? OK.
You're speaking from
experience, are you?
Well, I mean, I keep my professional
life very, very separate
from my home life, obviously.
Yeah.
I always say what goes
on behind my front door
stays behind my front door.
That is my motto. So... Yeah.
My motto would be...
could I have another cup of coffee,
Terri?
Well, I did just bring you a cup.
I got that one, registered
that and would love another one.
It's just that kind of a day.
Right.
Where's Hale and Pacemaker?
Who? Glenn and fucking Ollie.
Where are they?
I don't know.
I need them back here,
anyway, for the launch.
For the launch.
The launch. The fourth...the fourth
The fourth sector launch, Malcolm.
Jesus, you're about as on the ball
today as a dead seal.
That's one of my fucking lines.
There is a launch party tonight,
a load of press are coming and I
haven't even started my speech.
I don't know how to start my speech.
Just start with a joke, you know.
They all like a joke.
I'll start with a joke.
Great advice. Thanks, Malcolm.
Malcolm, this launch, is it
something that should really happen?
We can't cancel it, can we?
But she can't do it.
There's no fucking way
that she can do it.
It's too fucking...
We'll have to get a stunt double.
Ben.
Ben. Yes.
He can do it in drag. It'll be fine.
Nicola's been looking like a fucking
tranny, anyway.
I really don't think
that's a good idea, Malcolm.
Terri, I thought we had a deal.
Right. When I need your advice,
I'll give you the special signal
which is me being sectioned under
the fucking Mental Health Act.
Ben, let me help you.
What about some make-up?
No. I don't want any of your bloody
make-up.
Are you on commission
or something?
Right. Well, that's it.
That's my fourth sector speech.
Not so fast.
I'm sorry, Nicola, but...
no, no, you're not doing the launch.
I can't have you launching things
at this moment in time. Come on.
I have to do this.
Who else is going to launch it?
Ben is going to be announcing
the fourth sector...
No. No. No. No. No. Yes.
Although it might be difficult to
smash a champagne bottle on a turd.
Just let me try and communicate here.
Malcolm, it's hard for me to
say this, but I'm afraid...
the thing is, a lot of calls
you've made today, they've been
off, wrong, not the right calls.
OK. I'll give you some examples cos
I can see that that's tough.
OK. First one, you didn't even send
that email. It was still in drafts.
OK. Then secondly, it
was you that told me to
make that big attack on the BBC.
And I'm afraid we did look silly
running around outside,
getting in and out of a car.
Look, Malcolm, I know that Steve
Fleming's come back on the scene.
Are you feeling emasculated by that?
It's like you're a Catherine Wheel
and you fell off the stick.
You're going...
but not in the right way.
I think you're wrong, Malcolm.
You're like a sultana in a salad.
Terri, can we have a word?
How fucking dare you?
Have you any idea
of the amount of pressure
that has been exerted on my skull?
It feels like my brain has been
fucking emptied into little packets,
into crisp packets.
Cheese and onion fucking crisp
packets
that contain my living,
breathing fucking brain.
Malcolm, I'm really sorry, I...
And these crisp packets,
cheese and onion, smoky bacon,
they've been stomped on.
They've been fucking stomped on.
Ben, fucking...Nicola.
I didn't mean to be horrid.
And fucking you.
I'm sorry.
No. I'm over it. OK.
Don't you apologise.
Don't you fucking apologise.
You don't need to apologise.
I love this place, I do.
I mean, fucking compared to No 10,
this place is fucking tranquil.
Yeah.
Over there, 300 yards down the road,
it's like a fucking cancer ward.
There are people who are
fucking screaming at each other.
They're screaming, "You gave me this
fucking disease."
"You gave me this fucking disease."
And every corner that I turn,
there's another threat, Terri.
Hacks, hacks, fucking vampire hacks.
And they're slaughtering us, Terri,
they're fucking slaughtering us and
they want my face for a flannel.
And you know what, I used to be
the fucking pharaoh, Terri.
I used to be a fucking pharaoh.
Now I'm fucking floundering in a
Nile of shit.
But I am going to fashion
a paddle out of that shit. Yeah.
Mmm. Good idea.
I'm not going down.
I am not going down. Yeah?
Yeah.
How are you feeling about things?
Well, you know, I'm just trying to do
my best and you know, make sure I can
still get home by six o'clock.
Do you want a hug?
No. No. I think... that's nice of
you. I really appreciate it.
Terri, it's been nice to have
a chat but I've got to get on.
OK. Yeah.
Let's get back on track,
as they say.
All right. OK, Nicola.
See you in your office, please.
What did he say?
Don't know.
It was all about ancient Egypt.
Ancient Egypt. Yeah.
The fourth sector. What is
the fourth sector, you seem to ask?
A good question.
That's a really good question.
I reply. Well, let's start at the...
Ben is doing the best he can.
Is he?
There are four...the fourth.
There are four sectors.
Imagine that a cake that has been cut
into four slices.
The cake of good hope.
Malcolm? Don't go for it.
Yes. Yes.
Are you sure that's wise? Cover me.
No. No!
Nicola, no. Nicola, no!
...a valuable, a valuable
contribution to society
with all four sectors of the cake.
And here is Nicola Murray
to tell you...to tell you more.
Nicola Murray.
Hello. Hi. No need to stand,
as the PM said to me this morning.
A colleague of mine said you
should always start with a joke.
One other thing, just about earlier
on with the thing with the car,
that was all a bit odd.
The explanation is I suffer from
carsickness and sometimes
I get ill
even in a stationary car.
I actually once threw up
watching an edition of Top Gear,
but that was chiefly because I
don't like Jeremy Paxman, Clark...
Clarkson, isn't it?
Anyway, the fourth sector is
something I feel very passionate
about so let me try and
explain it to you.
I don't know if Ben's talked to you
about the cake image.
Let's imagine I'm a mum, cos I am,
and I'm trying
to bake a cake for my children.
And my aim is to bake a cake
that actually can consume itself
cos that in a sense is what
the fourth sector is doing.
We're baking a self-eating cake.
I've put in a couple of other things
which I can't quite read
because I wrote them in a hurry, so
the point is, this leaflet tells you
all you need to know.
Actually, you don't need me
wittering so help yourself
to the literature,
help yourself to...
we haven't got a cake,
cos it's eaten itself...
but we have got nuts.
Sorry, we haven't got any nuts,
we've just got Skips.
We've got no nuts.
DoSAC has no nuts.
There's a headline.
Please don't use it.
Sorry I missed it. Did it go well?
No.
Well, more good news.
I'm afraid my chances of becoming
an MP have been torpedoed
by the U-boat that was you.
The selection committee decided that
my association
with you was too divisive.
The dream is over, eh?
I'm devastated. I had 500 quid on
you being the new Foreign Secretary.
It's a great loss to
regional politics, for sure.
By flying so close to your bright
sun, like Icarus,
I have crashed to the earth and died.
Nicola, I've got to tell
you that was one of the best
live performances I've ever seen.
I've seen fucking Stomp.
It was a consummate piece of
fucking incompetence.
Yeah. That's what I thought I'd do.
Take the heat off.
The blog's updating.
Am I still leadership contender?
No. Not at all.
Well, good. Good.
Not even an outsider. No.
What are they saying?
You don't really want to know
what they're saying. Not exactly.
Sorry.
What a fucking day.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the DoSAC protest is now over.
Please mop up your shit
and fuck off.
Good news.
The BBC's going to issue an apology
for the way they edited the video.
There you are.
The BB Fucking C. Yeah.
I mean, they crumble at
the first sign of pressure,
like an old woman's hip.
That's why they had a fucking
programme called Sorry.
Right. The PM is coming home early.
He's asked for an audience
with Senor Malcolm Tucker,
so I'm getting my paddle, Terri.
I'm getting my paddle.
Make sure fucking
Nicola doesn't top herself, eh.
Yeah. Sure.
Make sure Ben does.
Oh, and Glenn, Glenn, I've got a
very special task for you,
my unelectable friend.
What's that?
Turn the fucking phones back on.
Night, Malcolm.